Its 00:40. I think it was on 16th April 2025 that mom showed me the photograph of her forged signature and an actual signature of my neighbour woman (A.Rama.....), who in reality is illiterate. 
Initially I was very glad that if we can obtain this through RTI Act, our case will be solved. 
But I dont know if its my overthinking brain or if it's the right thinking, but since then I was scared, stressed and anxious. 
Till that day I was sometimes stupid enough to give A.M.Krishna the benefit of doubt, but seeing that forged signature, reality hit hard. 
It made me understand that despite all the complaints we make, no action will ever be taken because they have committed something that is outright illegal, and there is no way they are going to expose themselves. 
they are all acting collectively and they are knee deep in this. till now we only focued on A.M.Krishna, and accused him, but he was not the only one. He had other officers working for him, and they are not going to incriminate one of them because all of them go down if one goes down. 
This really scared me. It made me wonder how far these individuals would go to keep their illegal activites a secret. 
would they go so far as to kill us? or would they kill one of us? if thats the case I dont want to live wihtout my parents. 
I cannot live without mom. If it comes to that, I hope they target me. these thoughts have been hauting me since the moment I saw that photograph of forged signatures of 10 Oct 2022. 
i thought about it so much and was so scared that i found it hard to sleep on 16th april 2022. i somehow fell asleep and woke up with a nightmare - also relating to the case. I dont remember it properly but there was A.M.Krishna in it. 
the entire day on 17th, i've been so worried that nothing could make me escape these thoughts. I tried watching comedy videos hoping that'd make distract me for some time, but that didnt work either. 
I ended up contacting YourDost expert. talked to 2 experts. the 2nd one was helpful, she made me feel better. she said they'd probably wont hurt someome who's working in their office. she told me to talk to someone about my worries. the chat with her did not help me much once the chat ended. 
i was so worried again that i called my brother and opened up to him about my worries. talking to him made me feel better. he told me that the forgery was made >2 years back and nothing was attempted to harm us physically so far, so he told me to chill out and not to worry. it felt reasonable. i was alright for some time. 
at night mom talked to AGP. he was reckless as usual. we dont know if we can trust him. Mom and dad said they'd go to meet GL Nages....... on Sunday. I hope everything goes well. 
mom slept and i went into her room to kill mosquitoes and turned on the light. mom woke up to that, and we were talking about the case when i told her about my worries and how i couldn't think of anything else since 16th april 2022. 
she motivated me. she's the bravest woman i've ever seen. she didn't lie to me that there won't be any danger. she told me that if we decide to go forward there will be danger. i wanted to cry very badly, but i didnt want to cry in front of mom.
she told me that she's not afraid of someone harming her or ending her or us. i dont want anything bad to happen to my mom. she told me about Ambedkar. she told me that it is only when we are stressed that we do miraculous things. she told me how Ambedkar could have escaped stress by choosing to work a government job instead of fighting for our rights. 
she told me that if i want to be an IAS, there will be tought decisions to make and the people whom we may upset in the process can hold a grudge against us and harm us. she told me that we shouldn't be worried about death. 
we agreed that on Sunday she'd go to SP and make a complaint. i told her to stress about our worries about physical harm from the involved police officers and neighbors in the complaint, more than the facts of the case, because the police at this point dont care about the facts anyways. i wanted there to be a record so i can rest my mind even the tiniest bit. 
i told mom i'd go to study room from monday because i'm unable to concentrate. ealier she was always against it because home was better and more peaceful. but now she agreed immediately without any argument. 
she told me to go sleep. i came back to my room. but mom came 5 minutes later and said she'd also sleep in my room. i can take a guess what she was worried about - letting me sleep alone in my room, especially when i was so stressed. i wont harm myself. if i die, i'd rather give a tough fight. 
the only thing is i cant cry in my room now, cause mom's also sleeping here.
i asled chatgpt for help so i can keep a record of events, fears, worries, harassment, etc. so if something did happen to my parents or me, there's a record of it. it told me about github, about how it maintains a record, timestamps, etc. so here i am. 
i feel less burdened now that i've shared my worries with mom. i really want to know if mom really isn't scared of deathharm from the police, or was she saying that just to comfort me. i hope i can be strong, so it would be okay if mom isn't strong and allowed to rant or worry. 
